[MUSIC]
In this module, we'll be talking
about debugging, in general, and
how you're going to do it on the Arduino.
Now, we're not talking about
debugging the entire IOT system,
because the entire system has software and
it has hardware.
And we haven't gotten to the hardware
aspects yet, but we're just gonna talk
about the software and some of the things
we're gonna do to debug the software.
So we'll talk about debugging in general,
how you do it in IOT devices and
embed devices in general.
But then we'll focus in on how
we're gonna do it on the Arduino.
And a lot of that will be about
using the serial interface.
Serial interface to transmit data and
debug data from the Arduino to the host so
that you can figure out what's going
inside your code when it fails.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]